hey are you planning for an internal
external event or a customer conference
are you struggling to fill your agenda
with relevant speakers so here's a short
video to share with you how you can
create a successful customer event or
sponsor event at the same time finding
the speakers that you need in B2B
marketing events tend to be a huge part
of a marketing mix we do a lot of
Customer Events or sponsor in the
conferences then several conferences
that you attended right so if you have
an event team to do all that work great
if you don't here are a couple things
you need to pay attention to to make
sure that you can take care of your
Customer Events successfully or manage
your industry events number one star
early I can't stress this enough you
have to start your planning at least two
or three months in the vent
right you have to think through in terms
of what you want to do pre-events onsite
and also postevent there are a lot of
logistics that you have to think it
through number two Define the clear
objectives for your
event obviously we host any kind of
Customer Events that's because we want
to make sure our customers are happy
they will buy more from us in that
situation you need to think through in
terms of what agenda setting
will look like you don't want that whole
customer even to be salty you don't want
to do that that will turn customers off
so you need to think through in terms of
what you can do for them at the same
time also discretly inject some of the
product specific information they may be
interested at the same time the clear
objectives also applies to Industry
events so if you go to Industry events
to gather leads or demand generation
think about it what you want to do
before that to prep that you have target
audience or Target customers that come
to your booth Define clear
objectives the other one is consider
audience
demographics once you have objectives
understand who are the people are coming
to your events if you have a customer
event that's likely to be invitation
only if it's a invitation only event you
kind know who they are tailored you
agenda for them ced's agenda versus
director level or Specialists level tend
to be a little bit different so you have
to think through in terms of what that
agenda is for the industry events same
thing IND understand who is coming and
like I said SE Suite versus director or
the work bees that your talking points
needs to be a little bit
different so that's on the Customer
Events and also attending the industry
events at sometimes you might need to
find speakers for your agenda items if
you do that you need to negotiate the
terms the fees and also understand the
speakers
Styles there are many different speakers
out there that possibly can meet your
expectations so once you will have
agenda that's already set you need to
think through do you need a motivational
speaker expert speaker or engaging
speakers or three of them it's very hard
to satisfy all three criteria with one
speaker okay like a lot of motivational
speakers they probably don't have the
expertise you are looking for there are
some are very engaging you know they can
rally the whole team they can get
everybody engaged and work your Workshop
they probably don't have the expertise
you are looking for to educate your team
in terms of a specific topic so you have
to think through in terms of a speaker
selection on the speaker side of things
you can obviously Google that's probably
the easiest way to do it and there are
so many sites I don't have to tell you
which sides are actually good you should
go check it out and be very clear about
what you are looking for ers.com and the
All American speaker ers.com are usually
pretty popular site so you can start
from
there so with that being said the
speaker part of it is very very time
consuming especially you are looking for
external speakers so make sure you
interview them and have a chance to talk
to them get the feel in terms of their
style and also their fees and then take
the negotiation from there so that's on
on the speaker side the other things
that you have to do for your events if
it's a customer events that you are
promoting it before the events make sure
that you get all the
promotion information and Outreach
completed and after the event make sure
you documented the event and also have a
videos and a photo to share with the
management the success of the event
right I have been on both sides of the
events I've been event marketing manager
selecting the speaker and now I am a
speaker myself so if you have any
question in terms of how to do a events
and reach out to me anytime I will share
my thoughts and also recommendation with
you and I'm also a speaker on my own I
can talk about technology business sales
and marketing if you are looking for
speakers as such reach out to me as well
love to help take care bye